Lauren Anderson: Hi.
Lauren Anderson: Sorry, I'm
Lauren Anderson: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Lauren Anderson: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Let's first, let me just run through the whole system's track here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me make sure that you are hearing me in sync.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the video so everything I'm saying is in sync.
Gwenevere Abriel: everything I'm saying can see my mouth and it's in sync with audio.
Lauren Anderson: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and here's this too. So that's a double thumbs up. We're good.
Very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not you know I had sent you a quick message saying I'm going to be five minutes late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ended up being right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so it's okay. We're here now.
Lauren Anderson: Okay that's I actually, I keep that advantage of that five minutes. I'm sorry. And then I'm eight minutes late, so sorry, I should be on time anyways. And then maybe I'll be on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's look at what you did do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at because I was checking because everybody's kind of I've been sending kind of playing with different ways to kind of approach my text.
Gwenevere Abriel: How to how to encourage people to make sure they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: wait too long to check in, because it's taking so much longer in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just check in on how that felt
Gwenevere Abriel: A text vs. Hey, make sure you kind of check in a few minutes early versus just hey confirming for tomorrow, do one or the other cause any distress to you.
Lauren Anderson: Know, I mean, I was I was used to the one you know where you asked me the day before that's good that we know we're on the same page. And no, I took that as like a gold star, you know, that was nice because I'm always running late. So I did all the up and down the street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so actually what I'm talking about. Let me just check myself. I gotta
Lauren Anderson: Make I
Gwenevere Abriel: Did this correctly. So, I mean, look at your message last night. What I'm asking, Where is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is very specific to
Lauren Anderson: Oh, I didn't even see your last text. Nope, I'm on times you 110 I'm sorry I did not see that I got the running five late
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the one I'm talking about right now is none of those none of that. What I'm doing is I'm comparing Good evening, tomorrow's individual therapy appointment for 23
Gwenevere Abriel: When 10 please text me back right i do that one. And then I added this fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: The bit about
Lauren Anderson: Oh this appointment may be offered to kind
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, that made sure I checked in by 1245
Lauren Anderson: Well, I made sure I did. I didn't want you to think maybe wasn't coming. So, and then I took her up and down the street so
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, so when you checked in. Did you make sure you had an alarm said did you get in there by 1245
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Dan rewinder
Lauren Anderson: Because I lose track of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it help you show or at least side from the
Gwenevere Abriel: When I said just ignored for a moment. The concept of my sending I'm running late. Just ignore that for a second. Did having the reminder that it takes time to check in that there's all these other little pieces that are involved in going new virtual clinic. Was that helpful.
Lauren Anderson: I'm just telling you they might give it away. If I didn't check in by 1245 I think it actually helped me
Lauren Anderson: Make sure I was on time, the appointment last week or the week before I think it was last week. I actually had to call a friend and have him zip me home because I lost track of time and I was with my dog with f
Lauren Anderson: Miles away.
Lauren Anderson: And I, I looked at my phone and my alarm went off to remind me and it was 20 minutes for my appointment. And so for example. So yeah, that was helpful. A reminder and I set alarm for myself to remind me to check in at 1245 yeah it was helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of us take a deep breath, because I got a question for you after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just turn turn to this is the space is about your growth your development just getting something is of service to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of settle into that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's why we're here today. We're both just exploring different ways that we can do behavioral experiments you know just how do we want to kind of, how do you want to feel today at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, kind of setting setting an intention, maybe for yourself, of how you want to feel at the end of today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just give yourself permission to to want that to even consider what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're at the heart of this
Gwenevere Abriel: What you what you need. What you want what you prefer.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Reed. Do you know the reason why I brought up this text thing right it's it was because I had made up a story in my head. And this is the intervention right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The what I made up in my head was
Gwenevere Abriel: Should I send texts like this to Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I hurt her feelings. What if I offend her
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that that ran through my head but I hear you now. And it, it doesn't even sound like that happened, you didn't. You didn't get offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: But can you imagine someone that could
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I think so. I understand. Yeah, the part where if you don't by 1245 I'm gonna let other people know. Yeah, I could see how it could rub someone wrong, I guess. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: It's kind of like a threat, I guess, but for me it was helpful and the way you worded it, I don't know, like I've said before, I know your intentions are good.
Lauren Anderson: Which helps with the interpretation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. It helps a lot. Now flip flipping them out. Imagine that someday, you're looking to somehow our schedule gets so booked up and you're on the other end of your on the on call list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine you're on call and you actually start to dig this therapy thing you're starting to move and groove and you're like, I want to meet with you as soon as you have an opening and you're on that list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And just imagine that I send that text out and I send it the same to everyone, which I did last night I sent. I was like, Okay, I'm going to send this the same way to everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine that you're the one that's kind of hoping that they'll be a cancellation.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't it be nice to know so that you'd have 15 minutes to leave a Starbucks run home, get your Wi Fi setup, real quick, use the ladies room and jump in when you want that time to do it.
Lauren Anderson: Right, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see that it's from all these different angles and I am learning and earning a living right and I want all of you to try and attend your appointments, obviously, but
Lauren Anderson: I might as well. You know what the
Lauren Anderson: time wasted though either someone's not going to show up right so
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'm experimenting with this on call list.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm liking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Can you think of the video therapy. Anyways, right. So it's kind of a little bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: All
Lauren Anderson: Let's see what works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Programs. We've gotten they've gotten a pretty good group going but now there's all these raps and personality tests all there's a lot of still new things happening. But for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The on call list is new for me and I'm still I'm still trying to see if I like it. I'm trying to see if my clients like it, but what I can just see that the downside of it is that text.
Lauren Anderson: I was actually
Lauren Anderson: Before you sent that yesterday I was actually thinking, you know,
Lauren Anderson: I wonder how available. She would be if I'm like having a crisis moment and I get ahold go into the virtual clinic and they say, hey, could you please think of when the message, I'd probably text you to, if I were in a bad spot am in a bad spot. Please try and meet with me.
Lauren Anderson: So yeah, and I just been thinking about that yesterday afternoon. I wonder how quickly how available. She could be and just thinking how grateful I am for this video thing because I already. I've got a better track record of showing up and being closer to on time. At least I mean really.
Lauren Anderson: Got a really bad track record was
Lauren Anderson: showing up on time or at all. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see it. I can see it. And sometimes, just little representations of that where we can see ourselves holding ourselves accountable getting managing time and they seem like oh, time management know
Gwenevere Abriel: Be having a sense of, I know, I know what I need and what right now. And also, at the same time, I've got this time thing happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an expectation out there, it's out there and and what do I need right now. It's important I don't I don't take it for granted. I think, I think it is a key piece I think of recovery, too. So I'm I think it's really admirable that
Gwenevere Abriel: You showed up because I looked in there. I was like, I wonder what time. Right. So I noticed around. I was like, I wonder, what time should check in. Now I can never see when people hit the waiting room in virtual clinic that I can never see
Lauren Anderson: Oh really, it's when they actually get face to face with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes. So here's what I got for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what it says. Lauren. Yes, I went to see they I got a message from from a fella at way. That's my time your time, your time.
Lauren Anderson: 157 157 I checked in at like about 1246 seven because my alarm went off and then I got on and check it and it always says, I don't know if it's just a generic wait time no matter what it is, but whenever I've checked in. It says 10 to 15 minute wait
Gwenevere Abriel: So no, let's use that this is good stuff.
Lauren Anderson: You think I should be checking in earlier. So yeah, so then I'm actually registered by 1245
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, think about how that could have gone wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if I was really watching for 1245 I might have said something like, Hey, I'm
Lauren Anderson: Contact you're on call person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey dude, is anybody in the waiting room is Lauren sitting in the waiting room and let's say it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right at 45. What is that right, and they'll be like, no, she ain't here. And I would be like, Oh, I'm going to call my own call person. So you had your time set for the time
Gwenevere Abriel: Be in the waiting room that's still a risky. It's risky play
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, right. Yeah, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I might set it since I know it takes me a second to slash cold water. Have a sip quick run to the restroom. I might set it for five minutes just to move throughout the place and to and what if this does happen. I'm not going to kid you
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes zoom says, oh, yeah, we have a new version. And we're updating and so work it out and you sit there going,
Lauren Anderson: Oh, gotta come back through social media.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what that buffer does is give you time
Lauren Anderson: For like yeah
Lauren Anderson: I'm glad you actually called me on that. I think I do that in general with things. I
Lauren Anderson: And that makes me late for things I and I intentionally Alma, I think I do it not set alarms for those times where, you know, I am all I always end up being late. I'm not giving myself that window that becomes a customer and used to being tardy, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: More sometimes bigger
Gwenevere Abriel: psychological thing than just on the surface.
Lauren Anderson: Right, yeah. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just take a regular deadline will all come way out here and then you, you, you, you tell me what feels true for you. So, for a lot of people, they'll say to me, oh, you know what I want to work on. I want to work on my procrastination. I've been putting this thing on for so long.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they'll say, I know it's the right thing to do. I really want it. I literally state up and lose sleep. I think about it so much. And I talked to my friends about it. I'm am
Gwenevere Abriel: I going to do this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we talk about what procrastination is for them and what we learn. Well, they find out what you already know about procrastination. What do you already have in your understanding about that.
Lauren Anderson: Uh, well, it was one of those like trying to think of the term, maybe you can help me at this the words where you hear them. They're like Flash words code, what's the name for that.
Psychology.
Lauren Anderson: Like a thurs like Flash words where you hear them and the and it automatically remind you something not pneumonic device, not a flag or a banner.
Like
Lauren Anderson: An
Gwenevere Abriel: Acronym like
Gwenevere Abriel: Angry lonely tired.
Lauren Anderson: You know, like a
Lauren Anderson: Man, it's been bugging me, you know, like your mind will work on it, it'll probably come to me out of nowhere.
Lauren Anderson: I'll let you know the word know it's like slash words like
Lauren Anderson: I can't even describe right now. But anyway, that's one of the ones from my dad's house.
Lauren Anderson: Procrastination procrastination integrity.
Lauren Anderson: Being open open communication.
Lauren Anderson: tell it like it is. These are
Lauren Anderson: Whatever. There are words that they use all the time as employee empty platitudes in a way
Lauren Anderson: But that's the word I'm looking for is not that they were for them. They were these like slogans, almost, you know, where they use them all the time, but they go to help me that there's a particular word for
Gwenevere Abriel: Racial slogans like inspirational maybe
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, but for them. It was more like a
Lauren Anderson: Not a red flag. But like
Lauren Anderson: To touch tone words flag words like a
Lauren Anderson: Almost like there.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know their mascot. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: You say, I got to
Lauren Anderson: Describe it. It will come to me, I'll, I'll text it to you. When I think of the term because I'm sure it'll come out of nowhere. But anyways, yeah, there were these things that they always
Lauren Anderson: Would say, and basically toting touting the idea of like how great these things are as character positive character attributes.
Lauren Anderson: Being open telling it like it is having integrity.
Don't procrastinate.
Lauren Anderson: Don't do a half assed job I'm
Lauren Anderson: Sure that's like that. So let's kind of that was one of them. Procrastination procrastination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So let's take a breath, you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: So there were those words and
Gwenevere Abriel: I've invited. Just a little exploration and I mentioned one of them and it's on that list.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How we live by it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it really right so wasn't perfect Words To Live By. But not perfectly lived by and now I brought one of them up.
Lauren Anderson: I, I'm sorry, I don't want to be distracted. I'm just my thing is it's dying. I need to plug it in for real.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Can do that.
Lauren Anderson: One or even use the real power cord. I plug it into my computer and my computer's acting up
Lauren Anderson: Like nowhere is a plug plug. I may have to relocate here. I really gotta
Lauren Anderson: procrastinating my apartment. I've never been in such a state of disorder, my life. This place is a mess.
Lauren Anderson: Sorry, I'm getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: In
Lauren Anderson: I think that's charging now.
Lauren Anderson: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the zoom pulls a lot of juice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Run the battery pulls a lot from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, alright see
Lauren Anderson: Ya. Oh. There, that's better. So don't don't hold it. There we go. Can you see me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I can and how I turn my volume back up while you were moving around. I turned it down, um, let me just get back in here, we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's something that is important to you that you would like to do. We've probably touched a little bit on it in previous sessions as well as in group something maybe that you want to get back involved in
Lauren Anderson: Doing kind of like life goals or things that I want to take care of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not particular
Lauren Anderson: Um,
Lauren Anderson: Well,
Lauren Anderson: My whole life I've always saying and written songs and play piano and I've always loved to perform. I always knew that was what I was supposed to do.
Lauren Anderson: In written songs have always been writing songs
Lauren Anderson: So, I mean, ideally, I would like to contract ties give context where I see my songs, but also classical solo piano
Lauren Anderson: And maybe on the side like part time or something, teach high school or college math.
Lauren Anderson: Ideally,
Lauren Anderson: And maybe get some more a
Lauren Anderson: Viewing of my paintings and stuff. We have some more shows and stuff. It's more of a therapy thing for me painting, but still
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got each college math, the part, would you like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Perform your songs
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to do it publicly like in a concert setting.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, yeah. Because so many are written on piano and Lot classical style and ideally I would be, that's probably one of the most frustrating things for me as a songwriter.
Lauren Anderson: I really want a real piano acoustic piano and preferably a really good one. Like you know concert grand. So ideally, I mean if I had the right publicity agent or something someone to kind of
Lauren Anderson: You know, get the word out because I'm I just do not want to do that myself go to tooting my own horn cheerleading to get people to come but for those agents exists right but so I guess probably ideally the same kind of venue for both things.
Lauren Anderson: Maybe even sometimes a little mixing, you know, a couple solo piano classical pieces.
Lauren Anderson: And some of my songs to I've done that, that way before.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take my hands here, let's take
Gwenevere Abriel: Like see this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say this is the performance
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I gotta tell you, I'm I can't hold them up or along so I'm got this guy. Now, if this is how far you are right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Apartment right
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a time when you were further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: From this goal.
Lauren Anderson: Oh um yeah I think kind of more than anything. It's just kind of I put everything on hold for
Lauren Anderson: The
Lauren Anderson: last several years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking so you see it right you can see there's a fair amount of distance in between, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now his whole screen to get through.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this little guy right here in my, in my left hand. I don't know how it looks on your side, but he's over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it take for him to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be a little step for him.
Lauren Anderson: A guy really need to get some kind of talent agent or representation, because it's never been something I'm comfortable with or want to become comfortable with and do a face to promoting and you know that whole bag. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And thing so
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if I was the challenge agent, I would be like, Okay, so you have a whole set put together.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. Oh, good. Hundreds of songs written
Lauren Anderson: Hours and hours performance ready. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I said, oh, this is like Kismet it's like I can't believe I just heard from you, like, you're going to go over here and you ready. I got the mic. I already have everything ready, you could just do it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay. So have you ever had a talent agent.
Lauren Anderson: No, um, I mean with classical piano. I've had the opportunity to concert eyes a bunch in Europe and little bit in the States, but mostly Europe, which is really fantastic. I've just kind of confirmed that that's where I belong. Who's on the stage performing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's this this blah, this little thing here. Okay, that's this right here and you just told me that is it right in the middle. Like, it's that big of a leap like getting a talent agent might get you this far, or tell
Lauren Anderson: Someone organizing the yeah to create the events and everything would be a huge thing for me. I'm right now I'm working on. For example, I mean, I've got my songs always send me those
Lauren Anderson: It's not as much prep. I could do a concert tonight. But right now I'm actually working on a couple different concert solo piano concerts Brahms entire piano works for example to concert special so much music but so I'm preparing now ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that's actually what you just described, get talent agent, it would move you like literally halfway over
Lauren Anderson: Or even close, or more than half.
Lauren Anderson: I guess I think so, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: I really had a good one that would that
Lauren Anderson: That like myself and saw the potential in it and wanted you know was, like, stoked to promote me and do that, and everything. Absolutely. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say that this guy, this little crystal here is over here and you're you're in this guy. Um, what are the steps to get you to this.
Lauren Anderson: What to the agent burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is an agent.
Lauren Anderson: Fuck if I know
Lauren Anderson: I don't know. Um, well, I do have like a little kind of in with them. Okay. My. I mean, you went to our church growing up. He was a bass opera singer.
Lauren Anderson: Like low big booming bass voice and he's a choir director. Now, my mom's in the choir and they always have me guest.
Lauren Anderson: They don't give a choir concert. I'm the guest artists and I'll come and do a solo piano piece of classical so um I actually have
Lauren Anderson: Been putting it off. I could call him today I wanted to see if he and his wife think he'd be my music backer but she's really good at the promoting, at least for this first one to kind of see
Lauren Anderson: How it goes to see if they could help me organize a concert or a, like I said, a double concert for the Brahms collab your stupa
Lauren Anderson: Um, so I've been meaning to call him to see if they'd be interested in organizing that in some way, even if it's has to be like this because of this current social situations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking questions.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's I don't know this part about you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, just let me have his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: First name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wayne. OK, so now here comes my real question. What is it about Wayne
Gwenevere Abriel: That you trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he can represent what you want for this concert just all the way through, just all the way through what describe what you've seen and what you've heard you yourself.
Lauren Anderson: Okay um I admired him as a musician and I'm
Lauren Anderson: in awe of his success as a musician his touring with opera.
Lauren Anderson: Opera when you call them.
Lauren Anderson: Companies, we, you know, and stuff like that doing that as his career, and then basically when you were tired started doing what he's doing now tha
Lauren Anderson: Conducting choir.
Lauren Anderson: But anyways, and also that he he's a fan of mine, and he really really likes my interpretations. The way I play
Lauren Anderson: Music. He said, that's the way everyone should be playing. So with their heart. It's just, I don't know. He's just really blown away by my plane which is a huge compliment because
Lauren Anderson: I look up to him as a classical artists. Also, you know. So I know a that he supports me and and knows that I'm capable of it and as a completely positive supportive
Lauren Anderson: backing for that and his wife. I know that she has successfully organized the wire concerts and I know this is like this is more like a local thing at least right now starting. But I think
Lauren Anderson: If I'm not doing drugs fucking off all the time and actually stick with him and him regular with him. I think he would ultimately he could very well help promote my music nationally and internationally. You know, if I show the, you know, stick to it and showing up and you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what I heard you admire him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Although this word wasn't you didn't use this word, but I'd like to just for ease
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if you can sit with it. He you admire him he admires you let's just kind of like that like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's actual, like I like the way she I like the way he okay now that's not that's on a professional level. So there's this. Hey, I really sort of, well, that's, that's beautiful. That's beautiful. Okay, now you're in all of his success.
Lauren Anderson: And he likes your my piano professor would also completely back me and support me
Lauren Anderson: If I were to contact him. Let him know I'm planning on doing this stuff. He would also. So just, just put that in there. I'm not like going around my actual teacher so because he doesn't back me but
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Describe if you could, I'm going to write it down promoter. What are the behaviors that they do, just kind of list them out for me. They
Lauren Anderson: Well, before we get into it. I don't know for sure. I mean, this is my idea for, for starters, but I don't know, especially with my own songs and stuff if if way and everything will be the route or want to go because my songs can be so
Lauren Anderson: unnerving for people
Lauren Anderson: Maybe weird awkward. I'm
Lauren Anderson: At least, for starters, that's like an ultimate and i and i don't know it could so
Lauren Anderson: That's the question again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I need it. I hope you don't get offended, but I won't be able to control your response to it, but you are of high energy is this organic or is from a substance.
Lauren Anderson: I mean, I'm having my coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been no stimulant in the last
Lauren Anderson: Few hour. No, not the last couple days. Um, I
Lauren Anderson: I have been, um, so I keep my sleep months and I sleep for an hour and a half, and then, and this has been like every night. And then I'm up all night.
Lauren Anderson: And then I finally go back to bed in the morning. So that's what I did today. It was after sunrise maybe was like 8am or something went back to bed. So I think that's kind of screwing with me a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you doing all night.
Gwenevere Abriel: All night.
Lauren Anderson: To have very tired, trying to read, but just should have been sleeping.
Lauren Anderson: You know, after I woke up.
Lauren Anderson: I slept for about an hour and a half woke up and then the I was just trying to read, but then successfully because I was so tired because we obviously when
Gwenevere Abriel: It shows up, I can write it has a real witness difference. I'm not able to have a pause, which therapy. Does demand a space between the notes that might be a good metaphor for us.
Lauren Anderson: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Appreciate the music right it's gotta have space between the notes. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, my heart's pounding right now. I can feel it.
Haha
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get ahead and tell you what I'm up to. There's no mystery here. All I'm doing is this what were my questions are leading
Gwenevere Abriel: They're leading to me getting to know you, Lauren, trying to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are registering healthy boundaries with a Wayne, in other words like
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you admire his work doesn't mean he's qualified to be your promoter. That's where I'm going. There's no mystery. That's what I'm up to, just so you know.
Lauren Anderson: I don't think he really is, I would. It was just an idea for an initial contract to kind of get me. That's what I was saying when you that's
Lauren Anderson: The last question, it's, I don't know. That's a permanent thing, it's just
Lauren Anderson: I'm dying to get some concert
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to get something in the
Lauren Anderson: Work and I know his wife can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do this. I think we found something else. Let's do this again watch. Let's say it's not promoter, maybe this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is get my tissue on the stage and do a concert. What if it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Lauren Anderson: It's partly. But yeah, I really I need somebody to promote it unless I'm going to be out at advertising for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you want to do a concert. So can we break it down into smaller steps you can see me trying, I'm doing all these little gyrations up here to try and see the next step, not 100 ahead. Just one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we're onto something if Wayne and his wife or whoever else I'm having to work really hard to track so
Gwenevere Abriel: Wayne
Gwenevere Abriel: Wayne's the guy you want to do, and like, I'm gonna reach out to and I'm just gonna see if it's a good fit. Maybe I can set up a concert
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think if you ended up doing that as your first step where you call them got a feel for whether it's even possible. What if that was your first step towards this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then you did it. You might engage in some other conversation with him. He might know 510 people it might lead to
Gwenevere Abriel: These other really big steps that could lead to a promoter, but at least right this this sense of I want to get on the stage and perform it would really wish that what if it's okay that you just start there and see how you do.
Lauren Anderson: What do you mean, what does the feeling that I want to go on stage and perform
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you want to
Lauren Anderson: Use yeah I'm working towards that. Like I said, now, now that I'm feeling better. I've been practicing five to seven, eight hours every day and it's real. I'm trying to prepare this music polish it and memorize it. So I'm ready for a concert
Lauren Anderson: So I i'm not i guess i could be
Lauren Anderson: If I could pick whatever I want. I could be ready for a classical concert tonight or whatever. But if I want to do it right and polished and perfection everything
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, that's the first step is really just to continue practicing them polishing do exercises, but also to contact Wayne and throw my idea by him run minute
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that you didn't quite finish the sentence. Just like if I wanted to do it in a polished way I would set it for when would that be
Lauren Anderson: Whoa, it's really a to concert long deal if we're talking about the bronze.
Lauren Anderson: Oh good opens order to make sure it's really safe.
Lauren Anderson: Um, I think three months down the line to make it really safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that. Okay. Could it be that that distance away three months that that I don't have a new object for my concert here. Here's a concert
Gwenevere Abriel: Concert. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: All kinds of cool stuff here. So here's the concert. Maybe this is right. It's practicing right
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's also a call.
Lauren Anderson: Now, um, it's okay. I mean part. I've got to take into consideration that I just took a really long break, which I'd never taken in my life before play piano every day of my life until I started doing heroin.
Lauren Anderson: Every day.
Lauren Anderson: So I gotta give myself a break a little bit, but I want to perform tomorrow it's okay to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every go
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about what is between right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And three months performance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about what you see as possible barriers.
Gwenevere Abriel: To being polished and ready for that concert. What might get in the way.
Lauren Anderson: I'm for some reason. Everybody went offline. And I wasn't able to continue on my route runners i i'm i'd be very concerned that would definitely interfere
Lauren Anderson: Um, and I think I know I've been playing with my mind. I ran it by my mother so and now that I verbalize it to you too. I'm going to call him today just run it by him.
Lauren Anderson: Tell him. I've been thinking about it, thinking about him and I think they're preparing a choir concert to which is going to be in the near future, even if it's just a video deal
Lauren Anderson: Like a live feed. And in that case, I would be able to get some performance in in the next month or so, just not a whole solo concert. But, you know, least go in and play a piece to
Lauren Anderson: My feet with
Gwenevere Abriel: The linger a little longer, you only said one and
Gwenevere Abriel: What what you said stopping different arcane
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unlikely.
Lauren Anderson: And what else. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Does that was the second thing I think it can interfere. And that's what I'm saying. I think now that verbalize it to watch a call when today.
Lauren Anderson: Because that's another thing about interfere, but I think it would be good to as soon as possible, actually have an actual performance state. So I have
Lauren Anderson: A timeline and I have something to look forward to, and goals to set like two weeks before that I need to be at this point.
Lauren Anderson: And I need to have it at this point, a week before and yada yada. So yeah, it's important. I think that would interfere, if I continue to just play with it, my head, but keep getting ready. Like, I'm going to have a concert in three months.
Lauren Anderson: Is a, I don't know, it's a good way to cause a lot of stress at the very least.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a deep breath together. Let's breathe. It's be aware that there's there's been a lot discussed right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, everything's right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about it. Now we're talking about what might get in the way, even saying it out loud is a level of commitment I said it to someone else. And I'm saying it now and there's this awareness of commitment, I think, and let's go back even further.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to being in group and see if you can remember what you liked about something someone said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about getting a gold sticking with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like that. Someone said it in group you feel when
Gwenevere Abriel: You were in group, Lauren.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talked about picking a goal and sticking to it, you've liked it, you comment.
Lauren Anderson: And something I'm following through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also just quiet and quiet. Just sit with it. You liked it. Then you picked up on. You could have picked up on anything that you picked up on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice here today. Oh, as I see it here and I say it out loud to you when I notice how I said it to someone else and maybe what I need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to set a date.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will give you something to look forward to.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will organize time
Gwenevere Abriel: For you because it has a deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a commitment does is, it is a constraint we organize today around three months from now, we can be organized because we have a deadline and we can be grateful for it. It's not an ugly thing. In fact, we're left to ourselves will procrastinate. Is he
Gwenevere Abriel: So to have a commitment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to give clarity and organization to an otherwise disorganized free flowing
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm left to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can let myself off the hook. But now with a deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: A constraint.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, then I can organize time space energy effort. I can budget myself to that deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does anything come up where there's resistance to this idea. Does it seem hokey does it seem like boy that that might just work for you.
Lauren Anderson: Know, mix it
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, there's another piece. Let's not forget this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much like what happened with 1245 there might be a sense of waiting till last minute.
Lauren Anderson: Um, I don't have a history of doing that with piano. I mean, I'm practicing every day.
Lauren Anderson: Was like, show up I prepared for concerts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Lauren Anderson: Very, very diligently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Yep. He spoke up and he said, That's not my truth you clarify that's nicely done.
Lauren Anderson: In general though I procrastinate like everything else. Well schoolwork. That's the other one. We're talking about that some paperwork bureaucracy housecleaning
Lauren Anderson: But schoolwork, and piano. I have never been a procrastinator on I enjoy it. I like go to it with Cousteau, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's stay here in this this space of concept polished concert right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really sit with potential challenges that might arise.
Lauren Anderson: Well, I'd be great. We're just talking about it. I mean, until I actually
Lauren Anderson: I don't know. I want to call away and then kind of get it in the works and have a date, but I mean, no matter what I'm gonna wanna give a concert so
Gwenevere Abriel: So, stay, stay a little longer with it can be uncomfortable to look at what might get in the way and if this concert in your here, but it has value, it means that you're realistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like for example, let's say you don't show up for a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you won't have an income, then you won't be able to pay for your buprenorphine. I'm not saying that about you just listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm getting a hypothetical. For some people, that's the case that they really need to show up for their job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that they can have money so that they can come to bright heart health, so that nothing gets in the way of their goals. So how it pulls back even it's it's it can be connected to how you're spending your days.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be connected to things like that. So what I'm wondering is what else might get in the way of you. We could even do the buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there are things you can't control like right heart health, shutting down. But let's think about the things that you can have some agency with
Gwenevere Abriel: What might you do that might get in the way of the regular scheduled buprenorphine being prescribed and you taking it on a regular basis and having it work for you. What might get in the way of that.
Lauren Anderson: You're
Lauren Anderson: Saying I really have zero desire to
Lauren Anderson: Go back to ruin and I don't feel well if I don't take the buprenorphine. So it kind of seems like a
Lauren Anderson: moot point i mean
Lauren Anderson: Okay, unless the whole system.
Lauren Anderson: Broke down and I couldn't get with the doctor continue screw.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you earn a living.
Lauren Anderson: I'm on disability. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that require paperwork to stay updated on
Lauren Anderson: A for food stamps and stuff. Yeah, so that's why my interest is lapsed right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So. Now do you see why I'm bringing these little details up. There's a you don't see the connection that this paperwork might have something to do with right got to have food. I've got to have this this this disability benefit maybe
Lauren Anderson: Once I
Lauren Anderson: It's more expensive now because I don't have it. So once I get the insurance actual, this will be easier and much cheaper for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might meet with me regularly like to regular yeah want to
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, at least a couple times a week at the
Lauren Anderson: Beginning
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you see why I'm nosing around and such an odd place like what does this have to do with the other. What does
Gwenevere Abriel: My day to day have to do with this concert, but it matters how you take care of yourself and managed today affects those three months.
Lauren Anderson: It does. I know, be a much better environment. The practice of my
Lauren Anderson: House where in order, but it's like a 1500 dollar project. So I've had to just kind of pretend the mess, isn't there. So I can still have my
Lauren Anderson: Clean area to practice, you know, but I would be better if it were clean in here too, so I didn't have clutter everywhere. I know it's more conducive to
Lauren Anderson: Get studying
Lauren Anderson: And practicing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now we're just staying in the mental organization. Right now we're just staying at this idea
Lauren Anderson: That's the same thing, though the paperwork and all that. That's all shit my head that's cluttering my brave.
Lauren Anderson: It, but it's a little overwhelming. Like I said, like 100 hours and clicking works good. This place an order and the paperwork stuff. It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: So I got you. I know. I think I know so it's
Gwenevere Abriel: You assessed.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the hundred hours all at once. And I think what you've forgotten.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is what you can do with your music.
Lauren Anderson: Once you've forgotten forgotten. I'm playing many hours every day.
Lauren Anderson: In spite of the clutter everywhere because I know it's my number one therapy.
Lauren Anderson: When. What do you say it's not what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: made all the way through, because then you're, you know, you're not going to benefit from this analogy here I go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have forgotten that at one point you did not know that musical piece and all those notes collectively on that page.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hadn't played it with precision and beautifully and polished but you know you sat down.
Gwenevere Abriel: This minute you put your fingers on those keys and you played, but you didn't do was overwhelm yourself with this notion of how on earth am I supposed to do this whole piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have that space of faith inside of you have it there. It's isolated and sand castle it around the sense of confidence and right around this music and maybe mouth to elsewhere. You have it there. It's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not worried that your space isn't going to get organized or that paperwork isn't going to get done I you know why I know because you already have what it takes. You have the skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the ability to you know how you went like this and you might feel I have to really like I can't, I cannot focus on all the chaos. I've got to stay on this nice clean service of my piano and here's my music and I've got to just stay right here like this right like blinders on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know everything is like that everyone has 31 flavors of ice cream, and they all look so yummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And unfortunately, they will all be able to be tasted and enjoyed same time we're gonna have to pick one and it's a matter of just focusing and we say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got the rest of my life, I've got these other opportunities, but today. Maybe I'll do it randomly, or maybe someone else pick because I really want all the flavors, but I'm just going to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to do that weird blue rainbow looking thing because maybe I saw someone you know how their lips all died from it. Now I see that I taste good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go for it. I'm going to see if it actually tastes good, because to me it looks disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tones all blue the lips are blue. Like what, what is that, so I'm going to try it out. But the problem is
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, there's no constraint, no one's telling me which one to focus on. I can take any I'm a, I'm an adult I can have whatever I'm on. There's no one telling me what to do. It is the existential burden of choice fill and still I must choose if I want to taste one and enjoy one
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not that much more different than
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to take this space here right where my chair is not going to say it's going to be this amount of space. I'm going to set myself a timer.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the constraint. Notice the word timer. That's a constraint, much like a commitment to a concert a timer is a constraint.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I maybe I tell someone I put a little social pressure if you want to. If you work like that. I do if I tell people, then I hold myself accountable more and I say, I'm going to clean this area.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have only this area just be reasonable, don't, don't go a whole room for goodness sake, just do like a two by two space. If you've got little, little tiny things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Paper clips and pencils and little things like that. Pick a really small space like this so much space and pick. Give yourself 10 minutes or whatever you think it might take, and all you do is that space to hit the timer and you go
Lauren Anderson: How can that be a homework for this week like 10 minutes a day cleaning my house. I know it's not a long time, but I mean, it wouldn't know.
Lauren Anderson: Who live
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the privileges that I have in. First of all, Lauren, you were really amazing. You let me get through several analogies all at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me talk about the fact that you have that skill you let me talk about how it's unfortunate that we humans, we, we have this burden of choice and yet we want it, but it's hard when we have it. Well, don't take it from me, but now I have to choose. It's this odd. It is a dilemma. So, but
Lauren Anderson: I liked how you said you really have to choose. Because otherwise.
Lauren Anderson: You won't enjoy it. And you're right, because as you're eating it. If you hadn't really made a choice. The whole time you're not enjoying it, you're thinking about what about all those other flavors.
Lauren Anderson: So it is important to actually make a choice, not just decide to do one of them, but actually
Lauren Anderson: choose that one consciously
Lauren Anderson: So you're not in the back of your head.
Lauren Anderson: cluttered with all the other crap you're not doing
Gwenevere Abriel: And enjoy that ice cream actually enjoying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna say, I kind of like this cotton candy nonsense is Superman ice cream, whatever it is, or the cake or something. It's good. I would have never known. If I sat there wondering which is the right choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though is yeah let's do homework. Let's do it will say I'm 10 minutes a day and then need privilege that I have is, I have access to your home. Now you may have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Response when I say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't dive into it. If I were you, what I would just do is I would, I don't have to see your home. I see little bits of it. You can turn around and you make a commitment to one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Area that you want to do 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it sometime today later on today. You can even do it when you're doing that awake thing or you're like, I'm up anyway. I might as well friggin get up and go do my 10 minutes now.
Lauren Anderson: But every day 10 minutes somehow
Lauren Anderson: That a timer here in the clutter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you look around your room and be reasonable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't over commit to a space, maybe only pick like a two by two space. Just a little. Look around you and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What can be reasonably feel like it'll be some effort, but I won't get too wrapped up in feeling like I won't be able to accomplish. So just look around and pick maybe a two by two cube space. That's the only allowed to address. Go ahead.
Lauren Anderson: I think I REALLY WANT TO ADDRESS FIRST AND I HAVE TO ADDRESS FIRST are my clothes, my clean clothes. I literally have hours and hours and hours of bags of clothes that need to be folded in or hung up.
Lauren Anderson: clean clothes.
Lauren Anderson: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: They probably set hours and hours and hours. I want you to succeed.
Lauren Anderson: To the 10 minutes so but can I still do that because I mean they're in some of our smaller bags. I can still set the timer and just force myself to quit after 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: And you go get your name. You have to see it. Can you get a small bag that you can accomplish in 10 minutes. I don't even know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Go grab your bag. Now, just go grab it and put it next to wherever you see like if you woke up at two in the morning and you had to do it and you have those 10 minutes you're like, oh my, get this thing done about like 10 minutes. Got my bag ready
Lauren Anderson: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how fantastic the Victoria. Victoria Secret pink bag was absolutely so I yes let's do hang homework. So when you end with me cetera. What time do you think you're going to set it for for getting these 10 minutes, then what's a reasonable time
Lauren Anderson: Um, I think I'll do it right now, since we're just talking about it to start the week off on a good foot
Lauren Anderson: And then, yeah, I was gonna ask you, do you think it's it'll be better if I do that, the same time every day, or maybe not pressure myself that way and see how it works. Whenever this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your time at 111 O'clock set of typically a time when it makes sense that would make sense for you, let's say,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, good. Wow, it's 213 right now. That's weird. That's like one of my special numbers. Yeah, I could do it or 213 every day.
Lauren Anderson: That works perfectly romance.
Lauren Anderson: Special number for number
Gwenevere Abriel: How synchro mystic
Lauren Anderson: Answered
Gwenevere Abriel: No. It's cool though it's fun and loving those happen so you can set. So go to 13 having a recurring
Gwenevere Abriel: Recurring reminder a recurring event and give it a fun name, give it something that doesn't feel verses and right that reminded the alarm in there. If you have that kind of fun that will let you do that. And, but only so from 213 to 223 and one that bell rings and you're done, you stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can go practice piano go take care of your animal go eat go do something else. But you are going to really be able to register time you're going to really know what 10 minutes is you're going to really have a good handle on what 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: I was gonna ask because, you know, usually from the time the timer starts when I actually get started is going to be like a minute, maybe to some ah I extend it to 225 just to really give it a 10 minute
Lauren Anderson: Thing. Oh, let's see. This time I'm doing it right now so ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it's okay, I'm going to sneak in a bind here. My next science here but I
Learned today. So I'm taking
Lauren Anderson: It doesn't bother me if you want to you can eat whenever you got to tell me I i've got a pretty fast metabolism. So I'm usually grazing every hour to minimum okay in time say to 25
Lauren Anderson: Okay to 13 to 25
Lauren Anderson: Cents in day, but we don't want an end date. Oh, I guess I could the end of next week and we'll see how it goes for the week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it for a month. Why don't we try for a month.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, well. Today's the 23rd. Right.
Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there an end time though that's the one I'm interested in
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Um,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, to 13 to 25
Lauren Anderson: For one month.
Lauren Anderson: A daily deal
Lauren Anderson: All day just
Lauren Anderson: a one time event know daily. There we go.
Lauren Anderson: Bailey forever. That's funny. It actually says forever here I put in daily and the writer needs. It says forever.
Lauren Anderson: Reminder, oh, I put a reminder. So, you know, I don't want to reminder, though I wanted to. Oh, I better 10 minutes before. That's good.
Lauren Anderson: Because what if I'm on a walk and they don't realize it. So,
Lauren Anderson: Hey Tim before reminder and then to 13. Okay, I gotta get geared up and by 215 I'm working on the clothes and then typically are being yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it doesn't go dang then set. Make sure you set a timer so that it really goes off after 10 minutes okay because my phone if I have an alarm at won't do that. I'm not actually changing over to the to the stopwatch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's set another time for us to meet. I'm looking at my calendar right now.
Lauren Anderson: Okay. Oh, I was gonna ask you what we've been talking about time and everything. Do you think that might be
Lauren Anderson: Helpful for me if we have the same time every week or is that even possible talking about routine or
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a yes. It just can't happen because I'm so book next week, but the answer is yes, most of my clients are exactly the same time every single week. Once there's a group you're grooved in and I protect that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we just have to get into a groove and so I haven't quite been able to do it with you yet still still trying to create that
Gwenevere Abriel: That space.
Gwenevere Abriel: couldn't quite pull it off last time was able to put two together.
Lauren Anderson: I've got a prescription things before we finish today to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to message her doctor
Lauren Anderson: Yes.
Lauren Anderson: I she gave me just a three day supply of the buprenorphine. So I need a four day supply that's three tabs, a day.
Lauren Anderson: She knows. So yeah, I need four days and then my Wellbutrin is I should have ran out a few days ago, but I forgot at a time or two. So I'm also I just took my last one this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I say LAR and
Gwenevere Abriel: Attended individual counseling and I say today.
Gwenevere Abriel: She is reporting needing view and nutrient and that's all I do. I'm
Lauren Anderson: Cool and yeah i'm i'm out to both of them so
Lauren Anderson: Anyway, and I wanted to ask, I guess I can ask them Monday and group, but
Lauren Anderson: Whenever I go because it's a controlled substance, I have to go into the store and with everything that's going on right now there's a week usually outside the grocery store for 30 minutes to an hour.
Lauren Anderson: And everyone's required to wear masks. At that point, and then I go in masks gloves. So I was hoping we could kind of try to keep the prescriptions. To know more frequently than once a week to try and conserve on my masks gloves and
Gwenevere Abriel: What I've done at 90 minutes I've already told my clients that I'm running late. I do need to go. What I've done is I send a message to dr up real
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said, Lauren attended right now she's reporting need for buprenorphine and well Wellbutrin. I don't know, we'll take it from there. But we haven't scheduled the time I think we might end up having to do it through texts. I think we ran out of time to schedule. That's
Lauren Anderson: Fine.
Lauren Anderson: Or Monday is fine to
Gwenevere Abriel: Give you some ideas and we'll kind of work it out for next week.
Lauren Anderson: Thursday or Friday, be my preference to
Lauren Anderson: Keep it in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 minutes. Go for it.
Lauren Anderson: Oh yeah, okay.
Lauren Anderson: My day
Gwenevere Abriel: Log off and come right back.
Okay.